I have your money! Please!
She would never
say it out loud.
But Nate going broke...
...finally granted
Cassie the permission
to follow her dreams.
This little piggy
went to the market.
This little piggy stayed home.
This little piggy
ate a big. big meal.
This little piggy ate none.
This little piggy went
"whee. whee. whee."
all the way home.
Within 24 hours
of Brandon Fontaine
tagging Cassie...
I'd like to thank all my fans
for watching
and subscribing.
I hope you enjoy
It's Just Me Cassie.
...she had
17.000 new subscribers.
Slide your hand forward.
- Yes.
- Maddy worked her
to the bone.
I wanna see more ass.
Yeah. yeah. poke it up.
Hello.
It's your favorite dream girl.
Just Me Cassie.
Some men wanted her
in specific outfits.
You've been a bad boy.
You wanna spend
the night in the hole?
Specific positions to
focus on specific body parts.
Do you like
the sound of that?
Do you want to hear my pussy?
Others wanted
jerk-off instructions.
to be told what to do.
to be humiliated.
You fat little fuck.
I'm very. very
disappointed in you.
Let me see you play
with your tiny little penis.
Or to humiliate her.
I'm not gonna fart in a jar.
For $700?
You fart in the jar.
He's not gonna know
the difference.
Okay.
But the most
common request...
is that they wanted Cassie
to say their name.
Conner. are you
gonna punish me?
Joshua. Robert.
Hunter.
Marcus.
Mohammed.
Cass?
Guess who just hit
50.000 subscribers?
No.
Maddy helped her
to get even more exposure.
I just feel like American men
have been treated
like second-class citizens.
You know what?
I think I agree with you there.
Why is it that women
hate men these days?
Well. in the past.
men used to be hunters...
...and gatherers
and protectors.
But now. they're being
forced to walk around
on their tippy toes.
I mean. it's not natural.
Men should be free.
They should be able to...
...speak their mind.
voice their desires.
Oh. you think
they're being too restricted
- by society?
- Yes! Like. if a man today
were to say that
he wants a girlfriend
that can cook or clean.
he might as well be
screaming the N-word.
- Okay.
Well. you sound like a Democrat.
I'm not retarded.
You know what's funny?
The angrier these idiots get.
- the more money you make.
- Yeah.
Even with all the attention
she was getting.
she still missed Nate.
Did you wire Nate $35.000?
He was gonna be evicted
from the house.
I think you need to take
that big. sweet heart of yours
and stick it
in the fucking freezer.
Maddy. I can't.
He's my husband and he's--
he's being supportive.
and he thinks
I'm doing an amazing job.
It's 'cause
he's not a breadwinner.
He's a bread loser.
And if you don't
cut him loose now.
he's gonna be entitled
to 50% of everything you make.
I'm looking at your stats
right now.
Your career is about
to fucking explode.
Maddy was right.
She was getting bigger...
I've never
done this before.
- ...and bigger...
- But for my fans.
I'll do anything.
God!
...and bigger.
It's too big. oh!
Oh. oh. oh!
Yes!
Yes! Oh!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Big lady.
get on your knees.
Back away from the building
and get on your knees.
Lethal force will be used
if you do not comply.
Lethal force will be used...
- Hi. Frank.
- Hi.
You look so small.
I could fit you in my pocket.
Yeah.
I wonder where else
I could fit you.
You wanna go where?
- You naughty. naughty boy.
- I'm so bad.
Well. hold your breath.
Oh. yeah. Do it!
Yes! Oh. God.
Oh! Oh!
Frank!
What are you doing in there?
Nothing.
Are you jerking off
to me again?
Yes...
Ohh.
Did you enjoy that?
She knew this was
her destiny.
To triumph.
To conquer.
To win.
The world was hers.
And she had finally
been unleashed.
I'm still trying
to fucking wrap my head
around Big Eddy's
thought process.
Motherfucker work for you
for 15 years.
and now he fucking
decides to betray me.
- I mean. they did shoot him.
- And?
Maybe the motherfucker
was scared to die.
Oh. so what. you defending
his sissy bitch ass now.
- is that what you're doing?
- Nah. I'm just trying
to put myself in his shoes.
Oh. so you're telling me
you'd do what he fucking did?
So. I got a fucking house
full of Judases?
- Is that what you're telling me?
- Hey. man.
You're putting words
in my mouth now. dawg.
There's nothing noble
about a man whose loyalty
ends the moment
he's afraid to die.
Might just go to the hospital
and kill him myself.
In order to save
his own fucking life.
he risked mine.
Now. my whole fucking business
is in the hands
of that fucking
Dracula-faced bitch
and her crew of moronic
fucking crackers.
I ain't sayin' the motherfucker
should've opened the safe.
No sense in debating it.
It is what it is.
We must take back
what's ours.
We'll need a strategy.
The gun
is the strategy.
They got guns too.
And we have
the element of surprise.
Can you draw a map
of that farm?
Yeah.
- Get on that.
- Okay.
What is this?
- What the fuck is this?
- What?
I'm 6'3".
These are the pants
of a motherfucker who's 5'9".
M-Must have been a mix-up. man.
- I'll-- I'll go switch 'em out.
- Hey. boss.
- Let me be fucking clear--
- Nigga. eat!
Do I look 5'9" to you?
Nah. man.
Do I look your height?
- No.
- Then what the fuck happened?
'Cause I know these pants
are the pants
of a motherfucking man of 5'9".
Who is that guy?
Who are you? Huh?
Some little. small.
pathetic motherfucker.
'Cause that guy ain't me.
You ain't me. huh?
In your mind.
do I look little?
Do I look little?
- Nah.
- Do I look little?
- Have I shrank?
- Not-- not at all. man.
Look. I-- I went in there.
I was grabbing 'em quickly.
- Let me get the right size.
- Then why the fuck
am I wearing
these little boy pants?
- Is this what you think of me?
- No. Nah. man.
Is that what you
trying to tell me?
That I ain't nothin'?
Why did you decide
to hand me
a pair of pants
and make me look like
a small. itty-bitty nobody?
I can go back to the shop.
You think I'm not
the size I am?
- I was--
- That I'm some small. tiny.
- itty-bitty nigga?
- It was a simple mistake!
Oh. so you was trying
to make me
- look like a motherfucking fool?
- No. no. no.
- No!
- This how you fuckin' see me?
- No. No.
- I'm some small motherfucker?
Tell me the truth!
Tell me the motherfuckin' truth.
Tell me. motherfucker.
before I kill you.
- No!
- You done fuckin' put your--
It was a fuckin' mistake.
I swear to God!
That's how you picture me
in your mind?!
Judas bastards.
Cassie was surprised
by how helpful Brandon was
in navigating her career.
Yo. you know Maddy's
not a real manager. right?
- Yes. she is.
- No.
She's an assistant
to a manager.
She answers phones all day.
Sh-She's really good at her job.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Annie brought
her fucking bulldog in
and now there's diarrhea
everywhere.
It's like a Chilean
minefield in here.
Ugh.
You know that porn star
you used to represent?
Katelyn?
I read an article
with her in Forbes.
She's making a fortune.
Will it still smell like shit
in here at 3:00?
Probably.
Then reschedule the day.
Will do.
What has she
done for you. exactly?
Besides bring you
to my house?
I do make a lot of money.
Yeah. that's 'cause I've been
tagging you in shit.
Maddy's only gonna
get you so far.
Alright? She has no power.
She's just another
Hollywood leech.
And we've built
a real business.
We have a whole team of
professional videographers.
editors. photographers.
Alright. we have sponsorships.
Just think of what
we could build together.
You'd be set for life. Cass.
I believe it.
Alright. then.
What's stopping you?
Move in.
Maddy's my best friend.
I know.
but it's not personal.
Alright. Cass?
It's just business.
You're a businesswoman. right?
Right?
Alright. hold on.
You know. there's a reason
that everyone who comes
into this house leaves famous.
If I can't convince you.
maybe the fans can.
I think a sexy video
of you and Brandon.
that's gonna make
a lot of money.
Brandon's a TikTok star.
- He's not into porn.
- I'm not talking about porn.
I'm talking about. you know.
something erotic.
Something tasteful. huh?
Just the two of you.
You're in a hot tub together.
He's rubbing your feet
and you're scratching his back.
You know.
something like that.
It's like you're pretending
to be in a relationship.
You know. there's a story.
Wouldn't that
make you jealous?
Baby. I'm a businessman.
I'm just looking
for opportunities.
I mean. Brandon has
30 million followers.
I don't think
you're capitalizing on that.
I mean. he asked me
to move in.
- Well. did you say yes?
- No.
- What are you waiting for?
- Well. I have to talk
to Maddy first.
Oh. fuck Maddy.
Look. this guy
can take you places.
I'm really counting
on you. babe.
- Ok-- okay.
- You're my last hope.
Yeah. I understand.
- Do you miss me?
- Of course.
But I'm watching
all your videos. babe.
- I'm-- I'm so impressed.
- Really?
I love you.
I love you. I love you.
You wire me that money
as soon as you can. okay?
Yep.
I'll bring home the bacon.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
That is that
positive mentality.
That is how winning is done.
I love you.
We're gonna do this.
It's me and you.
That's Bonnie
and Clyde. baby.
- That's Jay-Z and Beyonce.
- Okay.
Okay. go. go. go. go. go.
I love you.
You're a winner.
I love you. too.
Bye bye bye.
Come on.
Alamo had asked
to see me alone
for the first time
since the robbery.
Hey. how you doin'?
I've been better.
You know...
I'm of the belief that
certain people are cursed.
I don't pretend
to know why. but...
wherever these
unlucky folk go.
misfortune abounds.
Rain don't come.
Crops dry out.
Cows get sick.
Ever since you came around...
there's been
a cascade of trouble.
I'm not saying you got a 666
inscribed on the back
of your skull. but...
something about you
gives me the heebie-jeebies.
Alamo's waiting for you
at the bar.
Okay.
Just got off the phone
with that bitch Laurie.
Oh. yeah?
What'd she say?
She wanna meet.
Oh. yeah?
About what?
She didn't say.
But I got a good feeling
about what she wants.
What?
For me to bend over
and spread my ass cheeks.
Well. you're not
gonna do that.
Nope.
But I'ma spread hers.
You know her house. right?
Where would
she keep my shit?
Uh...
I bet your money's
probably in the basement.
- Money?
- Yeah.
What she got...
whole lot fucking
more valuable than money.
'Cause what she don't know...
is this nigga
ain't nobody's monkey.
Mm.
I play this game
to my own fuckin' tune.
Okay.
Hey. baby.
you wanna go out?
Wanna go out. honey?
I told the DEA that Laurie
wanted to set up
a meeting with Alamo.
I mean. he didn't say
if I was invited or not.
Get invited.
- How?
- Look.
just get into the room
with your phone out.
- Yeah. okay. Yeah.
- Get in the car.
We have a call to make.
They wanted
a wiretap on Laurie.
so they needed me to get her
to incriminate herself.
Hello?
Uh. hey. Laurie. listen.
I was just calling
to let you know that I had
nothing to do with Paladin.
You're a liar.
N-No. look. I told him
how much you cared about him.
but I didn't-- I didn't think
he was gonna kill him.
I don't ever want to
talk to you again.
W-Well--
Shit.
One more chance.
Then. he divorced my mother
to be with another woman.
And he took
his money with him.
And then. she died.
I was very angry with him.
It cost me $10.000 in therapy
to say that sentence.
I was very angry with him.
I do it very well. don't I?
I'll say it again.
- I was very angry...
- Just call her back.
This is the best part.
Come on.
Shit.
I'ma bet you wish
you're still our drug mule.
Every fucking day. man.
Mm-hmm.
Too bad.
Job's been filled.
Oh. yeah?
By who?
Wouldn't you
like to know. bitch.
That will do.
Penzler's office.
Maddy speaking.
So. Brandon was
telling the truth?
You're just an assistant?
We need to talk.
Shit.
Cassie requested
that the meeting
be held at Maddy's apartment.
So. you were lying about
living in a doorman building?
You caught me.
After everything
I've been through.
I'm sensitive to lies.
Yeah. I could say
the same to you.
What have I lied about?
Are you serious?
Recently.
Look. you wanted to talk.
Let's talk.
This isn't easy for me.
In fact. it's one
of the hardest decisions
I've ever had to make
in my entire life.
and I just need you to know
that it's not personal.
- It's just business.
- Uh-huh.
I've been approached
by the biggest TikTok house
- in Los Angeles.
- Brandon?
Yes. Brandon.
Basically. Brandon made me
an offer I can't refuse.
So. what'd you say?
I told him
I have to think about it.
- Have you thought about it?
- Yes.
And that's why you're here?
Exactly.
Well. go ahead then.
Say it.
Maddy. you're my best friend.
- Really?
- Yes!
How could you
even question that?
Continue.
I just need you to know
it's not personal.
Cass. have some fuckin' balls.
I just...
I don't know how to say this
without hurting your feelings.
Mm.
But this is a big opportunity
for me.
I just...
I have to move on.
Okay.
Hi. this is Madeline Perez.
I'm calling about the LA Nights
audition with Cassie.
Yeah. the one with Dylan.
Mm.
I'm gonna have
to cancel that.
Dylan?
- No. no. no.
- She's not gonna be available.
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. wait. wait. what?
- What?
- W-When did that happen?
What does it matter?
I don't represent you.
- Yes. you do.
- Didn't you just leave me?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. not-- not officially.
Maddy. my head is--
is swirling.
and I-I'm new to this.
and-- and this
definitely changes things.
Mm.
Never mind.
She'll be there.
Well. just to avoid
any future misunderstandings.
I drew up a contract.
Okay. I'll sign it.
Here. can you hold it up
next to you?
- Yeah.
- Dylan.
Great.
Glad we cleared that up.
I think that's it.
I promise you. Maddy...
I will not let you down.
Great.
The only problem was.
Maddy hadn't secured
an audition.
Don't run from me.
It's simple.
Call the casting director.
put Cassie on the list.
I can't abuse
my power. Maddy.
Don't give me that shit.
It's a tiny role.
She has no qualifications
other than being my sister.
You wanna make me
an enemy?
- Hi.
Sign in here.
Hi!
I am so happy and grateful
for this opportunity.
My sister. Lexi Howard.
she has always been
my biggest supporter.
- We love Lexi.
- Mm. Mm.
- Yeah. she's the best.
isn't she?
- Great.
Hi. I'm Cassie Howard.
I'm 5'5". and my measurements
are 37-24-37.
I'll be doing a monologue
from Antony and Cleopatra
by William Shakespeare.
- Shakespeare?
- I mean. is there anyone better?
No.
So. Act Five.
Scene Two takes place
after Antony has been
defeated by Julius Caesar.
and he nobly commits suicide.
And Cleopatra-- me...
...she's been captured
by the Roman military.
and this is her monologue
of defiance.
- Great.
- Okay.
Sir...
I will eat no meat.
I will not drink. sir.
If idle talk will once
be necessary...
I'll not sleep neither.
This mortal house I'll ruin.
Do Caesar what he can.
No. sir.
I will not wait. pinioned.
at your master's court.
Nor once be chastised
with the sober eye
of dull Octavia.
I will not drink. sir.
If idle talk
will once be necessary.
I will not sleep neither.
This mortal house I'll ruin.
do Caesar what he can.
- Oh. my God.
- Know. sir. I will not wait
pinioned at your
master's court.
nor once be chastised
by the sober eye
of dull Octavia.
Shall they hoist me up
and show me
to the shouting varletry
of-- of censuring Rome?
- Mm-hmm.
- Rather a ditch in Egypt...
Who does Shakespeare?
Sadly. no one.
Rather on Nilus' mud
lay me stark naked
and let the water-flies
blow me into abhorring!
Oh!
Rather make my country's
high pyramides
- my gibbet.
- Oh.
And hang me up in chains.
That's your sister?
- Yeah.
- Her sister?
They don't look
anything alike.
She told the casting director
you recommended her
for the role of job applicant.
- She did?
- Mm-hmm.
If she can do Shakespeare...
She can do LA Nights.
Yes.
I hadn't seen Jules
since the wedding.
and she was clearly
holding it against me.
How many relationships
have you been in
since high school?
Relationships?
Yeah. when you form an emotional
and sexual connection
with another person?
Oh. man. um...
can't even count.
Who was your most recent?
Um...
Angel.
How long were you all together?
Uh...
not long.
But. uh. it was
really passionate though.
Tumultuous.
We'd. like. argue and then
throw shit at each other.
It was fucking crazy.
But then I. um. I ended up
having to take her to rehab.
So. you two were in love?
Definitely.
- I find that hard to believe.
- What. that we were in love?
That you were in a relationship
where you. like.
expressed yourself...
argued. threw shit
at each other.
Me?
Yeah.
It's a side I've never seen.
A lot of things change
over the years.
Have they?
What are you talking about?
I mean. you come over here.
you lay around.
You look at me like
you have something to say.
but you never say it.
I feel like I'm back
in high school.
What. I'm not allowed
to come hang out?
What do you want?
Nothing.
You don't wanna kiss me?
- Like now?
- Sure.
Yeah. I'd kiss you.
But do you want to?
I mean. I find you
very attractive.
That wasn't the question.
Okay. I'm sorry.
aren't you with this guy?
Fucking. uh. your landlord?
Mr. Family Guy?
So. you want to kiss me.
but you won't.
out of respect?
I'm confused.
Do you want me to kiss you?
- If that's all you want.
- What do you want?
A lot of things.
Like what?
You want to kiss me?
Get up.
Take my head in your hands
and kiss me.
Keep kissing me.
Push me on the bed.
kiss me all over.
You want more?
Take it.
You want me?
Make me yours.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. my God!
You're bringing guys
to my apartment
and fucking 'em
when I'm not here?
No.
Who's R.B.?
It's my friend Rue.
She's not a guy.
She's just like a friend
from high school.
Look.
I give you a lot of freedom.
But I got kids.
I got a wife.
I cannot be coming home
with a fucking STD.
I know.
It's nothing like that.
I promise.
I like you.
but I love my family.
and I will not
put them at risk.
A few days later.
Cassie wired Nate 30 grand.
Even with the help of Cassie.
Nate had missed
his last payment.
Yes!
The Velvet Fog.
- ♪ Doo-doo-doo ♪
- ♪ I'm coming home.
baby. now ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ I'm coming home.
baby. right away ♪
♪ Coming home. baby. now ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ I'm sorry now
I ever went away ♪
♪ I'm coming home. baby. now.
coming home. baby. now ♪
♪ You know
I'm waiting for you ♪
♪ I'm coming home now
real soon ♪
- ♪ You've been gone ♪
- ♪ Coming home. baby. now ♪
♪ You don't know what
I'm going through ♪
♪ I'm coming home.
I know I'm overdue ♪
- ♪ Since you went away ♪
- ♪ Expect me any day now ♪
♪ Real soon ♪
- ♪ I'm coming home ♪
- ♪ Come on home ♪
♪ Coming home. baby. now ♪
♪ You know I'm praying
every night ♪
No!
No.
No. I just got 30K. okay?
I was gonna call Naz.
Please.
Let's be reasonable.
Let's be reas--
- Ah! No! No. no!
- Open hand.
God. please!
- Please. I've got the money.
Open hand!
No! No! No. no!
Fuck! Please!
I have the money!
I swear!
- Give me finger.
- No. No.
No. no. no. please.
Give me finger.
Open.
Please. Please.
Please. Please. Please.
Between the DEA.
the robbery. and Jules...
...I sort of forgot
that I framed Magick.
Ya veo.
Bishop. figure out
how the fuck to get that shit--
- What the fuck is this?
- Coca. Perico.
- Huh? I found it--
- I know what it is. bitch.
- Why are you
putting it on my desk?
- Okay. I found it in my locker.
It's Rue.
Rue put it there. for sure.
I know for a fact.
She put it there...
She was asking Kitty.
"Somebody was forcing you
to work here?"
What the fuck?
Why would she ask that?
You cannot trust this bitch.
She's trying to fuck
with my life. and that means
she's trying to fuck
with your life. too.
I'm being framed.
When I was trying
to tell Big Eddy.
then the robbery happened.
You was in the room?
- You was in the room.
the robbery?
- Sí. sí.
Of course. yes.
I was there.
And then. uh. there was
blood in my face.
- Blood everywhere.
- This...
robbery. the-- the gunmen...
- they do a lot of talking?
- Claro.
They were talking so much.
Yelling. laughing.
Uh...
- With the fucking guns on--
- Shut up.
Bishop. she ID'd the driver
already. didn't she?
On the surveillance footage.
And that's the first time
she knew 'em?
Yes.
Didn't you say Rue
lived with those crackers?
Yes.
And she didn't recognize
their voices?
No.
Huh.
Seems odd.
Cassie fucks you over.
you guys make up.
you forgive her.
and then she just immediately
fucks you over again.
I've removed emotion.
It's business.
Okay. but when you see her.
like when you look at her
in the eye.
you don't just like...
You know?
Like. your blood doesn't boil?
- No.
- Not even a little bit.
No.
- How?
- Equanimity.
- What?
- It's just the knowledge
that everything
is exactly as it should be.
Like whether
the milkshake I ordered
is terrific or terrible.
it's all equal.
Okay. but terrific and terrible
are not the same thing.
Well. to me. they are.
No. that-- what?
They're polar opposites. Maddy.
I know there's a difference.
It's just that difference
is of no consequence to me.
Okay. but how is that possible?
I've reached a state
of pure harmony.
Okay. so what if
the busboy. you know.
like. what if he just. like.
jerks off in your milkshake?
Ew.
Why the fuck would he do that?
Because he's not in a state
of pure harmony.
- It all goes back to Jesus.
- Oh.
Yeah. well. I haven't
really gotten to Jesus yet.
You're reading the Bible. right?
Yeah. but it's like 900 pages
before he even shows up.
Don't worry.
He's coming.
Jesus teaches to be
in the world.
but not of the world. right?
That's basically
what I'm saying.
Then maybe you'll keep
your head.
Ruby Bennett.
Hey.
What a coincidence.
Yeah.
Pardon my manners.
Alamo Brown.
Maddy Perez.
Ooh. beautiful nails.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Thank you.
- You. uh. Rue's friend?
- Yeah.
Now. you ain't never
mentioned Maddy before.
Why are you trying
to hide her?
I'm not trying
to hide anything. that's...
Listen. I can see y'all cozy.
Y'all mind if I take a seat?
Are you...?
- No. no.
- Yeah. go ahead.
- Great. thank you.
- Yeah.
I'm kind of parched.
You don't mind if I take a sip
of your coffee. do you?
- All yours. yeah. go ahead.
- Sweeten it up for me.
- Oh. um...
- Go ahead.
- Okay. so you want me to--
- There you go.
- Yeah. keep going.
- Okay.
Got me a sweet tooth.
There you go. that's good.
There you go.
Are you Rue's boss?
- That. I am.
- Mm.
How'd you two meet?
Well. Rue seems to believe
that God sent her.
God. or the devil.
We still trying to work
that one out. aren't we?
Yeah. that's for sure.
Where are you from?
Well. my mama had us
move all over. really.
See. I didn't have
the fortune of growing up
in a safe place like Rue.
Nice suburban street.
Cute little house.
The American dream
didn't really factor for me.
Mm.
Yeah. my boss
literally knows
nothing about me
- or my family.
- That right?
See. I think it's important
to care about your employees.
Gotta know who's in your crew.
Else you don't know
who's working for you
or against you. right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm.
Right.
So. you run strip clubs?
So. you did tell her
something about me.
Look at you.
Yeah. it's an all-in
cash business.
- Mm.
- I like it that way.
It gives me a certain
amount of freedom.
and I gots to tell you.
I love me some freedom.
Oh. Pardon me.
Yeah.
I'm sitting right
next to her.
Sounds good.
Sorry.
G and Bishop are outside.
They'll give you a ride.
Uh. don't you have
somewhere to go. Maddy?
No.
Are you sure?
I thought you said
you had somewhere to be.
- No. I'm still waiting
for my milkshake.
- Oh. okay.
- She'll be alright.
- I'll call you.
I'll call.
- Okay.
- I'll keep Maddy company.
So. Maddy...
Now. what kind of milkshake
did you order?
A black-and-white.
That's my favorite.
The cherry on top.
- Hey!
- A large number one.
Here you go.
Where are we going?
We about to go
to another place.
Alright.
See. that's what I didn't
respect about my dad.
He just accepted his fate.
See. now.
that's your mama's fault.
- No. That's his fault.
- Hold on. now.
Good woman supposed
to push her man.
- Make him aim higher.
- Mm.
Maybe the reverse is true too.
Can't say I found it. Hm.
Well. that's 'cause you live
in the Central Valley.
Now. what's that
supposed to mean?
Slim pickings.
I can't say I suffer
- from a shortage of women now.
- Mm. charming.
Well. it ain't the quantity.
it's the quality.
Well. maybe the quantity
is preventing you
from finding the quality.
Touché. huh?
So. what's missing
in your life?
Money.
And what would you do
if you had money?
The same exact thing
on a bigger scale.
What. managing actresses
and stuff?
No. that's what my boss does.
I manage anybody
who wants to make money.
Hm.
Elaborate.
Last year.
Hollywood made $8 billion.
OnlyFans made seven.
It's a lot of money being left
on the table in my business.
Guess they're all afraid
of the stigma.
Too caught up in being
known as good people.
Mm. I'm not.
Me neither.
Okay. Alamo Brown.
Before I forget.
let me see your phone.
Why?
I need a reason?
See. I think within six months.
my top girl. Cassie...
she could be bringing in
a million a month.
- The fuck outta here.
- Yep.
Let me see
what she looks like.
- I got girls just like this.
- Mm.
- What's your overhead?
- Just me and my internet
service provider.
- What's your cut?
- 15%.
Why 15? Why not 30?
She's a friend.
So. if I've got two
or three comparable girls...
what's your plan?
Rinse and repeat.
And if I'm your friend.
you get 15. I get 15?
Well. I'd like to see
your inventory first.
You might have some
busted-ass girls in there.
- You got a ride?
- Yep.
- Let's ride.
- Let's go.
Come in.
I have worked
seven days a week.
15 to 17 hours a day.
and the first generous thing
I do for you.
you just throw it back
in my face?
- All I did was audition.
- You used your maiden name.
and you said I personally
recommended you.
Well. I'm sorry. I just wanted
to make sure that it got seen.
Well. it definitely
got fucking seen.
In a good way
or a bad way?
Congratulations. job applicant.
You got the fucking part.
Oh. my God.
I'm gonna be on TV!
- In a very small role.
- Lex!
I can feel it now.
This is just the beginning.
You. me. LA Nights.
One day we're gonna
look back at this
and we're gonna be like.
"Pssh. you remember
when life was normal?
"Do you remember living
in that shitty apartment
and I was selling my dirty
underwear for 50 bucks?"
- Ew! That's what you're doing?
- No. just for now.
But I'm gonna be
fucking famous.
I'm not even gonna be able
to walk down the street.
Lex! Just you watch!
I'm gonna be
a household name!
You are literally
the most selfish.
narcissistic person
I have ever met.
But that's what it takes
to make it in this town.
Wait.
Lexi!
Lex!
Thank you!
Fuck yeah!
Jordan.
I am raising your prices!
Oh. my God.
About damn time.
Start digging.
Digging what?
A hole.
So. where you guys meet?
You and Rue?
In school.
So. you and Rue close. then?
Yeah. as close as someone
can be to her.
Mm.
- So you trust her?
- I do.
Hm.
She's a little crazy.
but she has a good heart.
Yo. Is this good enough?
Deeper.
Well. how deep?
Up to your throat.
So. you gave the bitches
the energy...
You ready to meet
some hard-working girls?
- Yes. I am.
- Alright.
Hey. can you guys--
can you help me out here?
Why are you looking at me
like that?
W-What are you doing?
Guys. what the fuck?
Hey. come on. man.
Hey. hey. hey. hey! Hey!
Come on. you guys.
In the past.
Maddy scouted good girls
and turned them bad.
Is your neck okay?
Claro.
Insurance fraud?
But these girls
were different.
Hm.
They were willing
to do anything.
I'll take seven and 15.
Cream of the crop.
Kitty. Magick.
Come on over here.
Somebody I wanna
introduce you to.
There you go.
Easy now.
We know what trust is.
don't we?
You and I know
what trust is. don't we?
Easy now.
Easy.
There you go.
You know. some people
don't even deserve
to be trusted. do they. huh?
Hm?
Don't deserve love.
Don't deserve trust.
Uh. look. you guys...
I don't know what I did
to deserve this.
But this is--
this is extreme.
I mean...
who even thinks of this shit?
Hyah! Come on!
Wait. wait. What?
No! Hey. no! No!
Hey! No. no. no!
Come on. man. no!
Don't let him do this.
no. no. no. no!
Hey. please. please. please.
please. please. please. please.
No. no. no. no.
- Hyah!
- No!
- Nooo!
- Hyah!
♪ When I was but a young man.
I was wild and full of fire ♪
♪ A youth within my teens ♪
♪ But full of challenge
and desire ♪
♪ I ran away from home ♪
♪ And left my mother
and my dad ♪
♪ I know it grieved them so ♪
♪ To think their
only boy was bad ♪
♪ I fell in
with an outlaw band ♪
♪ Their names were known
quite well ♪
♪ How many times
we robbed and plundered ♪
♪ I could never tell ♪
♪ This kind of sinful living
leads only to a fall ♪
♪ I learned
that much and more ♪
♪ The night I heard
my master call ♪
♪ One night
we rustled cattle ♪
♪ A thousand head or so ♪
♪ And started them
out on the trail ♪
♪ That leads to Mexico ♪
♪ But a norther
started blowing ♪
♪ And lightning
flashed about ♪
♪ I thought someone
was calling me ♪
♪ I thought I heard a shout ♪
♪ Then at that moment.
lightning struck ♪
♪ Not 20 yards from me ♪
♪ And left there
was a giant cross ♪
♪ Where once
there was a tree ♪
♪ And this time I knew
I heard a voice ♪
♪ A voice so sweet
and strange ♪
♪ A voice that came
from everywhere ♪
♪ A voice that
called my name ♪
♪ So frightened.
I was thinking ♪
♪ Of sinful deeds I'd done ♪
♪ I failed to see the 1.000
head of cattle start to run ♪
♪ The cattle. they stampeded.
were running all around ♪
♪ My pony ran.
but stumbled ♪
♪ And it threw me
to the ground ♪
♪ I felt the end was near ♪
♪ That death
would be the price ♪
♪ When a mighty
bolt of lightning ♪
♪ Showed the face
of Jesus Christ ♪
♪ And I cried.
oh. Lord. forgive me ♪
♪ Don't let it
happen now... ♪